Feature/548 support multiple oidc (#554)
rokwire/rokwire-building-blocks-api: lib/auth_middleware/readme.md

- `SHIBBOLETH_HOST`
- `SHIBBOLETH_CLIENT_ID`
- `ROKWIRE_API_KEY`

> SHIBBOLETH_CLIENT_ID can be mulitple using comma separated value such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHIBBOLETH_CLIENT_ID can contain one or more client IDs that are separated by comma. For example, `SHIBBOLETH_CLIENT_ID=abc,def,ghi`
```

Author: changed

> SHIBBOLETH_CLIENT_ID = abc,def,ghi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: removed
